Brief notes for initial SourceForge commit 02-Mar-2010

Info and downloads for the CW Communicator itself are at http://www.mrx.com.au/d_cwcom.htm

The cwrss project is the one that builds the robot. It can be run interactively or installed as a Windows Service with InstallUtil. It depends on morse and cwcom projects.

The morse project is a fully documented and more or less completed class for generating Morse code in various forms (including CwCom binary) from text. Check out the CHM file in the doc subdirectory (it was build with Sandcastle and Sandcastle Help File Builder).

The cwcom project is a class which implements the CwCom UDP protocol and packetization.

The ionosphere project implements a CwCom "Ionosphere" server and "who's using me" web site. The web server is built into the ionosphere program. It can be run interactively (shell) or as a Windows Service installed with InstallUtil. This is equivalent to the morsecode.dyndns.org server being run by MRX SOftware.

The test project contains a set of unit tests written for the NUnit test tool - see http://www.nunit.org/

USAGE:

The robot looks for a file called BotList.txt in the same directory the executable is in. The format of the file is one bot per line, | delimited. The fields are

bot-name|ionosphere-server-ip/name|ionosphere-server-port|channel|char-wpm|word-wpm

The bot-name is what shows up in the CwCom station list. The server is usually morsecode.dyndns.org, port 7890. Look in the folder sample-config for a sample.

The robot also looks for an RSS-feed list and a periodic message file for EACH BOT LISTED IN BOTLIST.TXT. 

The rss-feed file has a name of bot-name-RssFeeds.txt. It is | delimited with fields

feed-friendly-name|feed-xml-url

The periodic message file is used to get the text for the bot-generated special messages that are send out every 30 minutes. THe format is one message per line in final "telegram" format with prosigns delimited by \\. 

See the sample-config folder for a set of config files. I think you'll be able to figure out how all of this works once you look at them.

FEED SELECTION:

I have found after a lot of trial and error that the Yahoo! news feeds are by far the best for the "telegram" format that this robot produces. The samples-folder has feed lists with the Yahoo feeds I use on the bots I run at morsecode.dyndns.org:7890 pon channels 2345 (25WPM) and 2346 (15WPM).
